Ann Marie Almariei: Oh, hello, everyone! Welcome!
jackson: Hello!
Ann Marie Almariei: How's it going, Jackson?
jackson: Fantastic.
Ann Marie Almariei: All right, I'm gonna give it a few minutes for everybody to roll in, and I'm gonna kick out all the note-takers. We're not gonna allow note-takers, in the meeting, we just want it to be
Ann Marie Almariei: people who are engaged and, you know, keep it a little bit more personal. And the transcript and replay will be available, in school.
Ann Marie Almariei: So, let me… Let me remove them all.
Léon Dantuma: Excellent!
Ann Marie Almariei: What's up, Tony, good to see ya.
Tony Morinello: Good to see you as well.
Ann Marie Almariei: Happy Thursday! Let's see…
jackson: Hello, Tony, nice to see you, man.
Tony Morinello: Good to see you, Jackson.
jackson: Virtually, in person.
Tony Morinello: Close enough, right?
jackson: Yeah.
Ann Marie Almariei: I'm so excited for this session.
jackson: cat in your profile image, Tony, is… I'm assuming that's a real cat, right?
Tony Morinello: Oh yes, that's one of my five cats, actually.
Ann Marie Almariei: Batman.
Tony Morinello: Yeah, Batman's, like, my, my cat.
Tony Morinello: the other four I share with my wife, but Batman is 100% mine.
jackson: He deserved a spot in the profile photo.
Tony Morinello: Exactly.
Ann Marie Almariei: The last profile photo I did for Tony actually had 5 cats in it.
Tony Morinello: You could probably find it somewhere.
Ann Marie Almariei: Somewhere.
Ann Marie Almariei: Love seeing some fresh faces on the call, and some who I recognize as well.
Ann Marie Almariei: Phil, John, Oad… Tom… Oh, I have too many messages popping up.
Ann Marie Almariei: Welcome, everybody. Jared.
Ann Marie Almariei: Venetius? Is that how I say it? Venetius? Venetius?
Vinícius Custódio - Leads Jurídicos: Yes, yes.
Ann Marie Almariei: Love it.
Ann Marie Almariei: Alright, no more note-takers. Tony, can I, hand over host to you, and maybe you can…
Ann Marie Almariei: You can be the note-taker.
Ann Marie Almariei: Police…
Tony Morinello: I thought they'll say I'm not gonna be the cop of the group? Yeah, that's fine.
Ann Marie Almariei: I've got most of them, and there is, like, a… there is a tool in Zoom that lets me, like, block some of them, but it doesn't block all of them.
Ann Marie Almariei: Some of them make it through.
Ann Marie Almariei: Alright.
Tony Morinello: Nope.
Tony Morinello: We did this for another, call before, so…
Ann Marie Almariei: Yeah, let me see if I can… I can do that.
Ann Marie Almariei: Tony… Let me coast.
Ann Marie Almariei: Okay.
Ann Marie Almariei: Alright, why don't we… why don't we get ourselves kind of geared up?
Ann Marie Almariei: I'm super excited for this session. We have been going hard on all things Claude recently. Claude code, has really been kind of taking off.
Ann Marie Almariei: skills are now this, you know, kind of thing that is revolutionizing how we work with our LLMs. Jackson, volunteered to be our mentor for skills and helping us kind of understand the
Ann Marie Almariei: what they are, how do we use them, how do we build them? We'll actually be building some, today, live. So if, if y'all don't know Jackson, Jackson has been part of our community for a long while. He's been doing some vibe coding and shared some great stories of things that he's been building.
Ann Marie Almariei: in the, ecosystem. So, yeah, why don't we, why don't we just kind of kick off, Jackson, with a little introduction? You can say hi, introduce yourselves, and then we can jump right in.
jackson: Sweet. Cool. Well, thank you, and thanks to the Vi Marketing community for hosting this.
jackson: really excited to be able to share this stuff. My background, I spent pretty much the bulk of last
jackson: Year, on a business that I started in college with friends. That was, like, my full-time-ish job.
jackson: And it was, like, an e-commerce business where
jackson: we leveraged SEO in the beginning, it sort of faltered out, and I turned to coding agents, and as those arrived, like.
jackson: began being popularized. I used those heavily to try to, like, save the business, basically. So I tried a lot of different things. And didn't quite save the business, did enough to keep it on maintenance mode.
jackson: And… learned a lot along the way.
jackson: And so one of the things that recently
jackson: was a part of that learnings is this whole skill concept, and how you can use skills across a lot of different AI models. It started in Cloud, and now it's expanding to
jackson: other different labs and different products that leverage AI, so it's actually becoming a lot more transferable across products. So if you're not using skills, it's not like you're completely missing out, but they're definitely a
jackson: productivity increaser on top of the already increased productivity that you get from AI. So, I'm gonna try to keep it really base level, but give also some examples of, like, some more advanced
jackson: Use cases and skills that we could share throughout this presentation, so that no matter where you are, you'll be able to sort of understand skills at a basic level, and then hopefully have the confidence to go and build your own.
jackson: like AMA said, we'll do a build, and you'll see it's like.
jackson: It's not rocket science, it's actually quite, quite simple. If you've never done it before, you'll be, I think, quite pleased to see how simple it is.
Ann Marie Almariei: And I forgot to tease our big announcement that we're gonna have, at the end. So, for those who are part of the community and tune in, to the ends of the session, we'll be unveiling something that will be kind of starting, kicking off today, but I don't want to spoil the surprise.
Ann Marie Almariei: But just wanted to kind of dangle that, so that everybody sticks around for the end. Lots of, lots of goodies.
jackson: Yes.
jackson: So, with that said, should I get started? I think I might.
Ann Marie Almariei: Yeah, yeah, let's go. We won't have James today. James is on vacation this week, though you wouldn't know it, because he's still shipping, from a boat, which I love. So, we miss you, James. James will catch the replay.
jackson: Sweet! Alright, I'll do my best to get this string.
jackson: And hopefully everyone can see.
jackson: Yep, looks good.
jackson: Yeah, you can see.
Ann Marie Almariei: Yep.
jackson: Oh, fantastic, it worked on first try, alright.
jackson: be, working with really advanced technology, but sometimes the most basic technology stumps us the most. So…
jackson: without further ado, let's just dive right in. Basically, the format is…
jackson: just, like, a run-through in, sort of, sections, and then we'll have a little bit of Q&A at the end, as well as throughout
jackson: like, when we're building skill, we'll have a time to do some, like, light Q&A there.
jackson: But let's just go right into it. So AI skills, you're basically teaching AI how you work.
jackson: First, before we begin, I'm not an expert.
jackson: In fact, I don't really know if anyone is yet. This is only a few months old, skills in particular, but I have been using these daily and, like, in the ecosystem daily, as I'm sure most people have, and so I'll just show you what has been working for me throughout this presentation, and hopefully
jackson: you know, it's useful, and if you see something wrong, then feel free to correct me throughout the presentation, but as I said, I'm just showing you as a practitioner to another practitioner what I've been seeing.
jackson: quick.
Ann Marie Almariei: Hey, Jackson, just a…
jackson: Yeah.
Ann Marie Almariei: Just a quick note, because your screen is so wide, it is a little bit small, yeah, so you might want to just zoom in for everybody.
jackson: Is that better?
Ann Marie Almariei: to read.
Ann Marie Almariei: If you go a little… a little more? Yeah, go a little more. If that's good, I think.
jackson: Okay.
Ann Marie Almariei: Yeah.
jackson: Is that good?
Ann Marie Almariei: Yeah, I mean, that's… that's amazing.
jackson: Okay, fantastic. Yeah, I had a feeling that that was gonna be small. Sorry, I like small fonts, so if… again, call me out on it.
jackson: So, quickly, Let's just cover the ecosystem.
jackson: And talk about what exists alongside skills.
jackson: So basically, there's 3 main tools that I've identified in this ecosystem. We have skills, obviously, which we'll talk about today. There's also MCP servers, and there's also these sub-agents.
jackson: So, what each of these are is…
jackson: They're basically serving a different purpose, each of them.
jackson: Skills you can think of as, like, the playbook, the instructions that AI gets for a specific job. MCP servers you can think of as, like, the connectors, so it connects Claude to things like Slack, to things like Asana, or whatever software that you might be working in. Sub-agents you can think of as, like.
jackson: the… individual workers
jackson: that have their own context, and are really great for things like research, and, like, coming up with reports to then give back to whatever main AI that you're talking to.
jackson: But these are all, like, independent tools, but they can also all work together. So, like, for example, a skill could define for AI how to use a particular MCP server, and it could also define how to use a sub-agent in the same skill. So you can have skills
jackson: That would leverage both of these things. Which is why this is, like, super…
jackson: powerful. When you use them together, it's not necessary to use them together, I'm just mentioning that you can, if you feel like it.
jackson: And so, how recent is all this, just to kind of ground us where we are right now? Skills actually launched back in October of last year. Anthropic released the skill-like format, and then in December of last year, they became open standard, meaning
jackson: Other AI model labs could begin to adopt the skill.md format that we'll explore today.
jackson: And then, as a result, other…
jackson: AI products and labs began picking it up, so it started in Claw Desktop.
jackson: and Claude Code, and then Cursor, Codex, Klein, Manis, tons of other apps have now adopted the same, like, format for skills. So a skill that you make
jackson: or that you use in Cloud Desktop.
jackson: You can also use in Manus, you can also use in Cursor, or Codex.
jackson: So, it's really helpful to be able to, like, have a refined skill for a workflow that you do.
jackson: If you ever wanted to switch apps, or if you have a team member that uses a different, like, product than you, like you use Cloud Desktop, but someone else uses Codex, or vice versa, you could share a skill that you made with them, and they'd still be able to leverage it.
jackson: So, now let's just talk about
jackson: What skills are, like, the quick 60-second version of this.
jackson: Basically, a skill is just a markdown file. It's a skill.md file that would…
jackson: either live in, like, a project folder that you have on your computer, or if you're using, like, Claude Desktop, they kind of hide the backend of it, and you kind of just have to think about it as
jackson: like, and it's in the settings, and we'll actually show where it is, but basically, it's just a Markdown file, so…
jackson: If you're using a skill in something like a project folder on your computer, and you're actually looking under the hood at what makes up a skill, you'd have, like, a folder.
jackson: And it'd usually be the name of your skill. In this example, it's just called My Skill.
jackson: then you have this skill.md file, which we'll look at after this, and that's the only required element for a skill. You just have to have that skill.md file. This other stuff you see
jackson: below this, these are just additional assets, references, and scripts that can be included into a skill, but aren't necessary by default. Those are just optional, depending on the complexity of whatever skill that you are using or building.
jackson: So, what a skill.md file looks like, this is basically what it looks like. This is just markdown format, and it's a file that has a quick.
jackson: little front matter section, so a name and a description, and this is what gets loaded by default for whatever AI product or model that you're using with a skill. This is all that they will see.
jackson: in the, sort of, like, beginning of a conversation that you have the skill loaded. All this stuff below, like the instructions, that only gets loaded when
jackson: the AI deems this relevant to load. And the way it knows to load this skill is from this description. So this description
jackson: typically would include something like a use case. So it's like, use when a user says X, or use when a user does Y. The AI is good at knowing when to basically call the skill, but this is all it looks like.
jackson: It's a pretty simple file, and then it just kind of has instructions, input steps, output.
jackson: you will not, just a quick note, you will not actually be writing this file unless you want to. If you, like, if you do actually write this file yourself.
jackson: I would consider you, like, an artisan, like, someone who really, like, loves
jackson: like, a craft, but you do not need to do this. AI will do this for you, because
jackson: teaser, or spoiler alert, rather, there is a skill to create skills, so…
jackson: I'll show you that throughout, or later in this presentation, but basically, you're just gonna use Claude or whatever.
jackson: To create these files for you. So you don't actually have to do, like, hashtag, like, the hashtag, hashtag, input, all that.
jackson: All that business, you can just…
jackson: have it done for you. But yeah, to recap, front matter, and then the body. So the front matter, again, is the only part that gets loaded up front.
jackson: how they actually work, just repeating what I just said. So, they load basically in 3 different levels.
jackson: The front matter is always loaded into the context window by default.
jackson: And then it's the skill body. Once the AI is like, I'm gonna use this skill, it will read the full content of the skill.nd file.
jackson: And then, depending on what's in that skill.nd file, and then depending if you have additional folders and files within your skill, it will then go and find those additional references and files. So it's like a three-step
jackson: system, and the reason that it does this is because AI
jackson: Any model you use, any large language model that you use, has a finite context window.
jackson: And usually it's something like 200 to 250,000 tokens, and basically.
jackson: When you're only loading this front matter of the skill, you're using anything from, like, 50 to…
jackson: 200 tokens max. So that's why it's super helpful to, like, have all these preloaded skills
jackson: That aren't taking up, like, a ton of context window. So that you can…
jackson: have AI have more capabilities, but not bloat that context window up front. So it's strategic that the way this is set up, and it's…
jackson: Probably the most effective.
jackson: way of… like, enhancing or extending your capabilities with AI without bloating that context window.
jackson: Jackson, a couple of clarifications just from chat I wanted to bring up.
Ann Marie Almariei: Is it true that each skill, like, has to live in its own folder, or is there ever a case where, you know, skills just kind of stay at a top level?
jackson: So…
jackson: to my understanding, it is pretty much always required to have a folder, and then have a skill.md. The only exception there would be
jackson: For example, if you're in Claw Desktop.
jackson: and you actually go to add a skill inside of Quad Desktop.
jackson: there's 3 different ways that you can do it. Basically, you can upload
jackson: A zip file, which would just be, like, a zipped-up folder with the skill file and other stuff.
jackson: you can…
jackson: basically create it with Claude, which is what we're gonna do. And then I believe you could write it yourself, but…
jackson: as a part of one of those upload mechanisms, you can just upload a skill.md file. If that's your
jackson: Like, if your skill is just that skill.md file, and you don't have the additional
jackson: references and everything else, then you can just upload the skill.m. file.
Ann Marie Almariei: And does the name always have to be lowercase kebab format? Because I think, like, the SkillsMD master file is, like, skills, all caps, right?
jackson: Yeah, the master file, so I believe you always want the master file to match this format of, like, skill.nd.
jackson: The name for the skill is defined in this Front Matter section.
jackson: So, forgive me if this is actually incorrect. We'll look at real front matter. This is, like, an example format.
jackson: The description is sort of on par, but, like.
jackson: The name is defined in the front matter.
jackson: So skill.md is the name of the file, but then in the file, the name gets defined there. And we'll look at all this more under the hood later on, but…
jackson: From now…
Ann Marie Almariei: I agree.
jackson: I just want everyone to understand
jackson: all it is is a skill, like, it's just a markdown file, and then depending on, like, how complex you want your skill to be, there's other files, but we'll look at all that later.
jackson: So how they actually work, we already covered. And then, to just really drive this point home, the description is really, really important, because, again, that's, like, one of the only things that has… or that gets loaded into Claude, or whatever you're using by default.
jackson: So if the description is not clear on what the skill is or when to use it.
jackson: then Claude or whatever AI won't know when to trigger it. And so it's not, like, a deal-breaker, because you can still
jackson: explicitly tell Claude or whatever, hey, I want to use this skill to do this thing.
jackson: But it's just now you're having to do it manually, when you can just…
jackson: basically, have, like, a really well-written description that would tell the AI when to use it automatically, and then it automatically invokes. So, again, not a deal-breaker, just is important to remember that that is a key component to it. So, like, an example of a bad description
jackson: for a skill would be, like, generates Google ad campaigns. A better description would be.
jackson: generate a full Google Ads search campaign from a landing page URL, and then it gives
jackson: Use when user says X.
jackson: Just, like, a kind of… Night and day difference between the description.
jackson: And then this is something that I have found to be true. The best skills are actually, like, personalized skills. So, you'll find that a lot of the, big model labs, like Anthropic.
jackson: and OpenAI have their own skills that they have made and share with people, and I'll link to those at the end of this, but…
jackson: I highly recommend that you start with those, but then figure out ways to
jackson: Take either of those skills and modify or refine them to be unique to your use cases and workflows, or just create your own new skills from scratch that are personalized to you.
jackson: One of the demos that we'll walk through is an example of
jackson: like, a personalized skill that I made for the business that I mentioned earlier on.
jackson: So we'll get to, like, cover what that looks like, but just to…
jackson: plant this seed right now, it's really helpful when you've got these personalized skills, because AI is pretty good already at a lot of general things.
jackson: But when you personalize the skill, like.
jackson: Makes it hone in on the one
jackson: Like, specialized thing that you wanted to do.
jackson: So, like, things like your brand voice, or your audience, or your unique positioning are all helpful to kind of embed into your skills, if that's something that you're using it for.
jackson: And then, what skills are not?
jackson: So, you wouldn't want to think of skills as, like, integrations. That's more of, like, the MCP server side of things.
jackson: the skills are just basically instructions. They can still integrate with other software, and we'll get to kind of how that works, but they are not, like, by default.
jackson: gonna integrate into other software. They're not AI managing other AI. That'd be more like sub-agents. Skills, again, are like the playbook.
jackson: And then they're not saved prompts. Prompts would just vanish after one chat, Skills will persist and improve.
jackson: And then they are not autopilot, so again, skills…
jackson: Will help you with workflows, but they're not gonna, like.
jackson: solve the workflow. I mean, you might be able to, but you still want to judge the output.
jackson: Alright, so building a skill. I'm gonna check how we're doing on…
jackson: time. I think we might be a little early to the building skill section, so if…
jackson: helpful. Maybe we do, like, a quick…
jackson: 2-3 minute Q&A at this point.
Ann Marie Almariei: Yeah.
jackson: Questions?
Ann Marie Almariei: There's a bunch of questions in chat, actually. Chris had a great question, and I think you kind of touched on this. If two people build the same AI skill, what separates a good skill from a great skill?
jackson: So you have two separate people building a skill to do a specific job?
Ann Marie Almariei: Yeah, same, same skill. If it's, like.
Ann Marie Almariei: let's use the ads one as an example. You know, what would make one skill to build ads better than another skill?
jackson: I think it goes back to the personalization aspect.
jackson: So one… one person might be running Google Ads for, like, A mom-and-pop shop.
jackson: that is, like, a physical retail store. And so their search ads, they want their campaigns to be structured and designed in a way that would capture, maybe, leads, or generate, like.
jackson: interest into driving to the physical store. The other person building that same skill for the search ad campaign creator might be managing, like, a
jackson: online e-commerce store, and are wanting to drive sales, and have a lot different goals and KPIs, and also different
jackson: like, brand voice and brand assets. And so, those two people can create their own
jackson: Individual campaign, like, search creator skills.
jackson: that do…
jackson: essentially the same thing, but are different in, like, their own unique ways. One is, like, generate leads for my physical retail store, the other one is
jackson: Drive sales to my e-commerce store.
jackson: So, different use cases. And also, even in the same ballpark of someone who is
jackson: Creating skills for, like, an e-com… like, sorry, creating a search campaign skill for e-commerce.
jackson: Maybe two people who have the same goal of driving sales to an e-commerce store have different experience
jackson: running Google Ads, and so will embed their own unique expertise into each skill. So…
jackson: It does sort of create a market for people with domain expertise in something, who create… who can create skills
jackson: That are able to share those skills with other people.
jackson: In such a way that, like, someone who doesn't have knowledge of, like, deep expertise in how to run
jackson: the Google Ads for driving conversions.
jackson: Can now package up a skill and give it to somebody who
jackson: like, doesn't have that, experience. I think I worded that wrong, but… That's kind of, like… Yes.
Ann Marie Almariei: That makes sense. I mean, the skills that James built, for example, he uses a lot of, like, you know, really, famous techniques, you know, that are battle-tested, you know, you know, he'll reference the greats, like, he has a direct marketing, skill that's, like, right like Ogilvy, you know, so he's
Ann Marie Almariei: baking in a lot of that expertise, so I think that makes the difference.
jackson: John, you have your hand up. Do you want to ask a question?
John Vishnesky: Yeah, that'd be awesome. Hey, thanks, Jax, for doing this. This is awesome so far. But my question is, how are you storing your skills, to access them on, like, multiple projects? So, like, what I've been doing is, like.
John Vishnesky: I'll start a new project, and usually I'll just build out a skill for that project, or I'll, like, import one from, like, a GitHub repository or something. Just want to know, like, how you're doing that.
jackson: Yeah, that's a definitely good question.
jackson: What I've done is I've created a folder on my computer called Skills, and then inside that I have a custom folder, and then an official folder. Inside of that custom folder.
jackson: I'll drop any skill I make
jackson: that I make from anywhere. So if I make a skill in Claw Desktop.
jackson: I'll download that from Cloud Desktop and drop it into the skill folder, or if I create a
jackson: skill in, like, another project, then I will port it in.
jackson: there is some drift that occurs, because now I'm having to, like, maintain
jackson: two, like, skills in two places, and so I've thought about ways of…
jackson: Handling that, and there is a way to basically link
jackson: Files on your computer so that, like.
jackson: You create something in one place.
jackson: And then have it exist in, like, another project folder on your computer.
jackson: as, like, a reference, and so you actually only have to edit it one place. I have also, seen on the…
jackson: internet that, when using that method, it isn't always so reliable that whatever clot or cursor will pick up your skill. So, that is definitely, like, something that's unsolved, and I guess the answer would be it just requires, like, a high level of organization to be able to.
John Vishnesky: Okay.
jackson: Somebody needs to make an app for that. You could also make, exactly, you could make an app for managing, like, your skills.
jackson: But, maybe, like, a cheap way around this is maybe you create all your skills in Quad.
jackson: And use that as, like, your master, skill creator, because every skill you make there, you can then add to
jackson: you're basically added to your Cloud account, so, like, a skill that you create on Claude Desktop, as soon as you add it into Claude Desktop, if you pull out your phone and open the Claude app.
jackson: that skill is now on your Cloud mobile app, as long as it's enabled. So, like, basically, that would be a great way of managing it, and I've…
jackson: sort of try to do that, and but like I said, it's just kind of like… it's… you definitely have to finesse a little bit.
John Vishnesky: For sure.
John Vishnesky: Cool. Thanks, man.
jackson: Alright, so… I believe… what do you think, AMA? Should we dive into building skill?
Ann Marie Almariei: We have a couple more questions, up to you. Do you wanna… do you wanna talk about, some of the high-level stuff first, or do you want to dig into building?
jackson: Let's dig into building, and then once it's building, we'll have time for more questions, because it'll take a little bit to build.
jackson: So let's make a skeleton.
jackson: Just to kind of recap before we dive into making a skill, because
jackson: I'll ask the audience what we want to build here.
jackson: So that you have some context of, like, what would make a good skill if you maybe aren't…
jackson: Having any ideas? Basically, anything
jackson: that is, like, repeatable, explainable, and then contained would make a good skill. Doesn't have to, I guess, embody all of these things, but just…
jackson: to frame what we're about to do next, if anyone has a skill idea, just go ahead and drop that, and then we'll…
jackson: Go ahead and build one of those.
jackson: And so, we're gonna build it now. So, I'm going to switch over to…
jackson: com… or actually, I'm gonna switch browsers here.
jackson: Alright, can y'all see my screen now?
jackson: If I'm on the clock on the island…
Tony Morinello: small.
Ann Marie Almariei: Super… super tiny.
Ann Marie Almariei: You must have, like… We can zoom in, we have the technology.
jackson: So this is Claude.ai, I'm sure people are familiar with this.
jackson: To create a skilled quad, or to see what skills you already have, you're gonna open the sidebar, you're gonna scroll… actually, not scroll… click on Settings.
jackson: Alright? Go to capabilities.
jackson: So, under capabilities is where you're going to find existing skills that you've made and that Anthropic includes by default. Scroll down.
jackson: You'll see skills.
jackson: And then you have two tabs. You have your skills, these are ones that you create and then add in Claude, and you have example skills, and these are ones Anthropic includes by default.
jackson: If you go here, you'll notice
jackson: Basically, all of these are disabled, and that's…
jackson: disabled by default, so Anthropic doesn't, enable
jackson: these, like, automatically, you have to go in and tick them on. The only one that they do enable by default, I'll enable that one, is this one, and it's the skill creator skill. So this is the only skill Claude has on
jackson: for everyone who has a Claude account.
jackson: And it is the skill that makes skills.
jackson: So, what I'm gonna do, and you can all do this as well, I'm just gonna click the three dots, click Try and Chat. What that does is it opens a new chat.
jackson: And then… autofills this prompt, basically asking Claude to create a skill for me.
jackson: So, right now, there's no guidance. I could hit send on this.
jackson: And it might go read through our chat history, or pull memory, and then see what skill I would most be benefited by, and just start building it.
jackson: If we have any ideas from
jackson: Anyone here, as to a skill that we could build, we can build one of those.
Ann Marie Almariei: There was a suggestion from Moe for competitive research.
jackson: Let's do it. Okay. And I'm seeing some people say.
jackson: They don't see the default skills of Claude.
jackson: just make sure that you're… you can be on cloud.ai or the desktop. If you're on mobile, you won't see skills, just by the way. If you're on the mobile app, you can't access the skills. You have to be on a desktop computer. So let's make a competitor
jackson: research skill. Great idea.
jackson: Let's make a competitor… research skill.
jackson: And so, now… once it actually starts building the skill, we'll do some Q&A, but there might be some…
jackson: Up front. So, you can see it's reading the skill.
jackson: to create other skills. So this is how you know it's working.
jackson: It read the skill creator skill.
jackson: So I actually already had a skill enabled on here for audience research, so it's like, oh, let me reference that existing skill you already have, and make something unique. And so…
jackson: Now it's actually creating the skill. So this might take, like, a minute or two. We can…
jackson: Pop off one of these questions that we might have.
Ann Marie Almariei: Do you want me to roll through, or do you see them?
jackson: I see one, so this one is related to Cloud Code. It looks like they're asking.
jackson: Tom is asking, if you create a skill locally, is it available on the mobile app as well?
jackson: No, only the skills that you make inside of the claw desktop or the claw.ai
jackson: UI will be available across your Cloud apps. Claude code
jackson: load skills in a different way, which we'll show.
jackson: And a bit. And that's also why
jackson: I believe John asked earlier, about how to, like, share skills.
jackson: Did you see one AMA?
Ann Marie Almariei: Let's see, should we have niche down for the competitor research skill?
jackson: Great, great question. And my answer is, if you're doing this for real, I'd say yes, you'd probably want to niche down. But the fact that we're just, you know, demoing.
jackson: We're gonna get a… we're gonna get a skill back.
jackson: That does competitor research. How good the skill is, is TBD.
jackson: But the great thing about this is once it gives us the skill.md file, we can load it up into our Cloud app.
jackson: And then we can…
jackson: Ask Claude, in this same conversation, or in a new one, I want to improve my competitor research skill, help me do that, and it'll use the same skill it's using now, the skill creator skill, to actually improve upon this skill. So.
jackson: once you make a skill, it's not like it's set in stone. You can always refine and optimize it. So, if it sucks out of the gate, like, out of the gate, just know that you can improve it.
Ann Marie Almariei: Ali mentioned, actually, you know… Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. Ali mentioned, you know, do you have to feed target audience competitors, in order to get a good skill? Now, I imagine it's…
Ann Marie Almariei: Claude is pulling from what it knows about your business already, most likely, but I would think the answer to that would be, yeah.
jackson: Yeah, I guess so this…
jackson: is where it gets into, like, how much context does Quad have about you and about your goals?
jackson: So, what you could do at the beginning of creating a skill, is…
jackson: if you don't have memory enabled, maybe you, like, you turn on the clawed memory feature, which allows it to, like, establish memory about you, or if you don't want to do that.
jackson: Which, I've had mixed results of doing that. You can also just upload files
jackson: that you want it to have. So, if you have, like, a business or a project.
jackson: You can just, like, create a summary file of that.
jackson: give it to Claude and say, make me a competitor research skill based on, like, this project.
jackson: And what I like to do is… it sounds really basic and, like, simple, but…
jackson: at the end of the prompt, I'll just be like.
jackson: you know, make me this skill, and then make it really good and valuable for, like, my use case or whatever. Just, like, specify you want it to be good. Because sometimes if you don't, Claude will just do something.
jackson: And it's like, it could have done it better, as long as you just have to specify, like.
jackson: make it really, really good. I often… I often will append that to my prompts and be like.
jackson: do X, make it really good. And I think that I get better outputs, but that could also just be me.
jackson: Alright, so it made the skill.nd file, so…
jackson: Let's read quickly what it said. I'm gonna hide this for now. This is the actual file.
jackson: So here's your competitor research skill. It actually created 3 files. So it made a skill.nd file, the required one that we need.
jackson: Then it had two other files that it included into a reference folder. So it has output templates, so basically how it wants, the research to be output, and then also some methodology.
jackson: And you can see it actually took, like, some frameworks that are not just, like, generic frameworks. It actually has,
jackson: Like, some pretty… I guess, highly,
jackson: Primed frameworks for this skill to be effective.
jackson: So yeah, anyways, now we have a skill.md and then the other two files. I'm gonna see if this works. So sometimes…
jackson: when you make a skill inside a quad.
jackson: it has the capability to package it up and just make it a one-click install, so I'm gonna…
jackson: try that right now. It's not always reliable, but when it does work, it just kind of helps to…
jackson: Quickly add this skill.
jackson: So I'm just gonna say, package it up, as a one… click.
jackson: Install.
jackson: And if this doesn't work, you can also just
jackson: download these, and I'll show you how you would upload it that way as well.
jackson: Let's see if we can just do this.
jackson: Sweet. Okay, so now what it did…
jackson: Is it basically packaged these 3 files?
jackson: into a .skill file, and a .skill file is basically just a zip file
jackson: But it is, like, unique to this format, so…
jackson: Now you'll see I can just click on copy to my skills.
jackson: And then I'll see a notification
jackson: in the right, that says copied to your skills, and now if I go on
jackson: Manage, and I go down, you'll see I have a competitor research skill there now.
jackson: So…
jackson: If Claude doesn't give you that, just, like.skill file whenever you're making a skill, just prompt it and be like, hey, package this up for me so that I can just one-click install. And it should work. Not always reliable.
jackson: But if that doesn't happen, and you have trouble, just know.
jackson: What you can also do is… so these were the three files, skilled that it initially gave. I'm just gonna download them all.
jackson: And so it downloaded that already as a zip file. Now I just need to go
jackson: Back into my settings.
jackson: Back down to capabilities.
jackson: And then under the skills section, I'll just click Add.
jackson: And these are the 3 ways you can make a skill inside a Claw that I was talking about.
jackson: So now I'm just gonna upload a skill, and this is where you can upload either a .zip.
jackson: or .skill, or just simply a skill.md file, and COD will pick it up. So long as…
jackson: like the skill is properly formatted, so it needs to be in the proper format. But now I'm gonna…
jackson: Upload the zip file that we just got.
jackson: And it's asking, do I want to replace the competitor research skill? Because it's the same skill that we just…
jackson: Copied in, I'll just say sure, because it's the same skill.
jackson: Okay, I think that worked. If not, we still have it. And so.
jackson: Now that we have this skill in here, I just kind of want to quickly call this out.
jackson: I'm on the Your Skills tab, so this is, like, custom skills that we've made. If we recap, the example skills, those are ones that Claude has already included for us, and in addition to Skill Creator, there's other stuff.
jackson: the Your Skills, these are the ones that we add, so anything we create with Quad would go in the Your Skills category, but now what I can do is I can click those three dots that we clicked on the skill creator earlier.
jackson: And I can… basically do the same thing where I try this in the chat.
jackson: and it, like, basically demos the skill for me. I can download it, I can edit it, and I can also replace, so…
jackson: If you wanted to share this skill with other people, you can download this and then send it to
jackson: whoever, and they can just quickly upload it into their clot, or if they have, like, cursor, then they just use that format, which we'll talk about.
jackson: But if I say, try and chat, it's now the same prompt, but it just replaced the skill, so now it's the competitor research skill.
jackson: And then say, I'm gonna do this demo of… I work at… Anthropic.
jackson: And want to research… OpenAI.
jackson: So now it's gonna go off and do competitor research as if I'm working at
jackson: Anthropic, and it's gonna research OpenAI.
jackson: But…
jackson: We don't have to sit through this, because we also have some actual live demos that we'll do, unless people want to sit through this and see
jackson: In real time, how this would work, but…
jackson: We do have 3 demos that we can show, as well.
jackson: for the heck of it, let's just… let's just sit through it, because I'm actually curious what it comes back with. In the meantime, does anyone have any questions that we can answer? Let's check the chat.
Ann Marie Almariei: There's lots of questions in chat.
jackson: Nice, okay.
jackson: Do you see any good ones?
Ann Marie Almariei: Well, let's see,
Ann Marie Almariei: Chris had asked, if it's possible to use another app like Perplexity for competitive research in the skill, or, you know, is that the same thing?
Ann Marie Almariei: So, for perplexity…
jackson: That's an interesting one. Like I said, this format, this standard is being rolled out to a lot of different apps. I don't know if Perplexity is one of those yet.
jackson: Or whether they even plan to roll something like that out.
jackson: But,
jackson: So you could use perplexity how you would use it today, and just say, do competitor research on Axe?
jackson: And it would basically give you a lot of,
jackson: whatever output it gives you would differ over time. With this skill, like, we're getting the same output, because it has everything that we want defined up front.
jackson: But I don't know if Perplexity has the, skill.nd format adopted yet. I don't…
Ann Marie Almariei: Yeah, I'm not sure about that either, but I do know you can connect to Perplexity. If you… if you did the skill, like, in Cloud Code, then you could connect it… so, like, you could tell your skill
Ann Marie Almariei: use Perplexity for my research, and then you could have Claude do, like, the summary or analysis, for example.
jackson: Actually, yeah, that's a great point. So, you can have a competitor research skill that instructs Claude or whatever to use perplexity, so long as you have, perplexity, like, connected. You can connect perplexity in a lot of different ways.
jackson: That is, like, one use case in how you could do it, though.
Ann Marie Almariei: Now, Tony mentioned, like, for web search and research, he uses the Perplexity MCP. Like, what is the difference between using an MCP and, like, connecting, you know, an API, a Perplexity API?
jackson: So you can use MCP servers inside of…
jackson: like, the Quad desktop app, for example, allows you to connect those MCP servers, right?
jackson: And MCPs are wrappers around APIs. So Perplexity, the app.
jackson: has basically their front-facing website and product that people can use. But they also have this, like, back-end underlying
jackson: API that… you don't… like, you can leverage their API,
jackson: to not have to go to Perplexity.com to do things. And what an MCP is, is it takes that API, that functionality of the app.
jackson: And it lets you bring it into Quad, so instead of having to go to Perplexity.com.
jackson: for .ai, you can just go to Claude, as long as you have it connected, and say, use Perplexity to search this, and it will use the API,
jackson: Of perplexity to go do the search.
jackson: an MCP server is just, like, the API
jackson: formatted for AI, in a sort of very basic sense. Okay, cool.
jackson: We got our research back. It's just a big markdown file, so the output template that was in this skill probably specified, give me a markdown file and have it structured like so. We're not gonna read through that whole thing, but…
jackson: you know, we can just quickly read through this, and I understand that, like, this was a really generic skill that we made. Like, someone mentioned, can we…
jackson: add, or should we niche down on this? And the answer is, like, you probably should try to at least get a little more specific with skill creation, because we could have just asked Claude straight up to do competitor research for us, and probably gotten a really similar output back. So, like.
jackson: if I'm being honest, this might not be the greatest, use case, unless we were to, like, personalize it. So, just a little…
jackson: Quick tidbit there, but yeah, anyways.
Ann Marie Almariei: What if you did want to, like, personalize it further? So, like, you're seeing the output here of the competitive, and you see something that you want to change. So, you know, if you wanted the core insight, like, broken out into a couple of categories, for example.
Ann Marie Almariei: Do you just prompt it here to update the skill, and refine it?
jackson: Yes, you can do that.
jackson: So, update the competitor research skill.
jackson: to break the core insights out… I'm just gonna say out more.
jackson: Give me even more granular data.
jackson: Precise.
jackson: We won't watch this full thing, but I'll show you now. It should…
jackson: So now it's rereading the skill it just used.
jackson: And so now it's gonna also re-read our Skill Creator skill, because that skill in the description is defined as use when improving skills.
jackson: So you'll notice it read the skill that we wanted to improve.
jackson: And then it read, the skill used to improve skills.
jackson: So, this was an example of Claude knowing when to use the skill. So now it's…
jackson: going off and improving on that skill. So, great use case of, like, alright, I made a skill, I don't like how the output is, I want this to be different.
jackson: let me improve it, and then boom, right in the same conversation, we're just improving it. We can also do this in a new conversation, just reference both, or just reference the competitor research skill and say, I want to improve this skill. Same thing.
jackson: Alright, so let's actually… Keep going.
jackson: So, quick recap, that was a skill.
jackson: Obviously.
jackson: So yeah, just a quick note, a skill… Is not quite finished.
jackson: like, again, just do some quality checking on the first draft, because you can always refine it.
jackson: And then you can even, if you don't know what… like, if you don't understand the quality and you aren't able to…
jackson: I guess, judge the quality, given a lack of domain knowledge. You can ask Claude to approach this from whatever domain that you want to create a skill in. Say you're
jackson: Creating the competitor research skill.
jackson: and you want to improve it, but you're not a competitive researcher or analysis type person, just tell Claude, hey, from a competitor research and analysis type perspective, can you improve my competitor research skill? And it will…
jackson: go fetch what it needs to kind of know how to improve it. So you don't actually have to know
jackson: how to do something to make a skill that does something, and I'll show you an example of that later, but…
jackson: Also, keep an eye out for under-triggering, and not as often over-triggering. It doesn't really happen that much.
jackson: It's usually a case of under-triggering that it just doesn't know to reference, so just…
jackson: Maybe improve your description if that happens.
jackson: Right up. Live demos.
jackson: Let's get into it.
jackson: So, we're gonna demo 3 skills. The first one is like a… somewhat generic.
jackson: skill that would take a landing page URL and create a search campaign around it, and that would be in the domain or context of driving purchases.
jackson: Or, actually, in this case, it would be sign-ups.
jackson: And then, we're gonna use…
jackson: a real skill that I made for the business that I ran, which was a branded HTML email generator, so I…
jackson: Give it a… quick prompt of, like, hey, I need a new email for my…
jackson: Business, whatever, and it just cooks up a skill for me, and then…
jackson: The third skill we're gonna look at is a more advanced one. We'll actually use Quad Code for it, and this will be an example of a skill that
jackson: actually can…
jackson: connect to other APIs, and then do more advanced things, so we'll get to that one at the end. But let's start with
jackson: this search campaign architect. So let's… Click on this.
jackson: So I just clicked that link, and I basically set it up so that it works the same way as those
jackson: try and chat functionality works. It just preloads a prompt in Claw.ai to basically use that skill.
jackson: And so, I already have this skill enabled in Claude for my account, so this will be a real
jackson: Like, it knows what's referenced, and the page that we're gonna make a search campaign around is actually the…
jackson: It's the product page for Claude. So let's take this URL.
jackson: And it's basically looking to…
jackson: acquire leads and sign-ups for their app or their product. So let's take the URL and go back to Claude.
jackson: And say, here is the landing page.
jackson: So it's starting by referencing the skill.
jackson: Again, you kind of want to look for that, make sure they actually breathe the skill.
jackson: Because oftentimes, you'll give it a prompt, think it uses a skill, and then find out that it actually never read the skill.
jackson: And so it's…
jackson: going and reading through this skill that I made, because there's reference files on how to, like, structure ad copy, how to create negative keywords, how to structure all the ad groups, etc.
jackson: So it's reading through all of that.
jackson: In the meantime, let's answer some questions.
Ann Marie Almariei: I have a good one from Chris.
Ann Marie Almariei: He said, how do I build a skill that gets better over time from corrections? He ghostwrites for his CEO, and, you know, he's trying to improve his voice over time. So how would you recommend that he keeps his skill up to date?
jackson: The most manual way to do it would just say.
jackson: After every output that you get from using the skill, you can just say.
jackson: like, add your feedback, basically, so…
jackson: If it gives you an output and you realize it's throwing in a ton of phrases.
jackson: That you don't like.
jackson: And the follow-up message, just say, hey, don't include all of these phrases
jackson: And then, it will update the skill. And then, basically, it will, like.
jackson: Throw you back into the skill creator mode.
jackson: But that's, like, the most manual way of doing it.
jackson: As far as automated ways to improve skills over time.
jackson: There aren't really any, unless you're using Like, open claw or something.
jackson: a little bit more advanced, but even then, it's kind of like… the quality isn't there, so I guess…
jackson: For this, just…
jackson: every time you get an output, if you don't see something you like, say, I don't like all the M dashes, remove those and update the skill, it will update the skill for you, and then you just have to recopy it back into your Claude account, basically, if you wanted to do that.
Ann Marie Almariei: I have an anti-AI JSON file that I did, like, eons ago that I've turned into a skill, and I do not get m dashes anywhere in my copy.
Ann Marie Almariei: It's really good. One other thing, maybe, that, could be done is, like, scraping context first, again. Like, if you have a context file that you keep up to date with voice notes, is that a way that you could do it?
jackson: You could do that. I should reiterate, too, that if you're improving a skill like that, like a writing skill.
jackson: Typically, what you'd have is, within the skill folder, you'd have skill.md.
jackson: And then, alongside it, you'd have references.
jackson: Inside the references folder is where you would include things like, do this, don't do this, and then as you are refining the skill as you use it, what
jackson: Claude will do is just add more context to the reference files. It will keep the skill file alone, because all the skill file is, is just instructions.
jackson: That reference the other files.
jackson: So, like, once you're saying, hey, don't like the M dashes, remove those.
jackson: Claude will likely add this to a reference file. If it's…
jackson: you have to also kind of keep an eye on Claw to make sure, or whatever you're using to make a skill, to make sure it's updating the skill in the right way, which is why it's highly recommended to use the skill creator skill, or make your own Skill Creator skill, like James created
jackson: He basically created his own skill creator skill.
jackson: That he gave away for free to the community, and it's basically taking the core skill creator that, Anthropic made, and it is…
jackson: Just enhancing it with his own… Taste and expertise, and it's…
Ann Marie Almariei: It goes really deep.
jackson: it's a lot different experience. So, you know, you can use either, but definitely when you're making, updating.
jackson: Any skill, just use a skill creator type skill. It doesn't have to be the one Anthropic made by default, but that one is a really good starting place.
jackson: But yeah, definitely use one of those. So that way you know
jackson: That you're formatting it correctly, that you're following all the best practices for skills, because again, there are
jackson: Many different apps you can use them in, but you have to have, like, the core foundation kind of structured properly and set up correct for it to be able to work across apps.
jackson: So, it finished with our… Search campaign architect, and it basically gave us a document that is this…
jackson: Extensive map, essentially, of…
jackson: how we might structure a search campaign, given the URL we gave it, which we gave a URL
jackson: for Claude, the sort of product page for just the Claude app, or Claude.ai.
jackson: And what it gave us back was…
jackson: a full kind of analysis. And again, this is all defined within the skill. I said, give me an analysis followed by X, Y, and Z. So it starts with the landing page analysis, it gives us the URL,
jackson: It lists what the primary value prop is, who the target audience might be, what our conversion goal is.
jackson: Some proof points, and then a little bit of a competitive moat.
jackson: I found this funny, I was demoing this.
jackson: And it definitely emphasizes the fact that Claude is ad-free as its competitive moat. And actually, I think in the copy.
jackson: Yeah, no ads, just helpful AI. So it took all the context from that page.
jackson: Made all of these ad groups, essentially, and each ad group
jackson: has different search, keywords and intent. The first one is just brand terms. So we're capturing branded search terms for the landing page that we gave it, which in this case was Claude. So Claude…
jackson: AI assistant, claw.ai.
jackson: And then it gives us match types for those keywords, it gives us intent for those keywords.
jackson: And it gives us specific ad copy for each ad group, so it's…
jackson: And it also gives us descriptions, tells us how to pin headlines if we wanted to pin headlines.
jackson: And this also… there's more ad groups as well, there's, like, a problem aware, there's feature-specific.
jackson: And then it gives negative keywords, so don't, you know, exclude these ones.
jackson: It should also… okay, add extensions. It gives us site links, so these are additional assets we can include on our search ads.
jackson: So, every search ad that you make can also include site links, it can include callouts, it doesn't just have to have headlines and descriptions. And in fact, you'd want to include these things because it helps with CTR, and so this skill.
jackson: has that knowledge baked in. It knows, okay, when we're making a search campaign, don't just give out 4 headlines and 2 descriptions for this page.
jackson: Have it be complete with site links, call-out extensions, structured snippets, etc.
jackson: So that we have the best chance when we're launching the search campaign. Like, this would be somewhat of an example of a skill that has a little bit of domain expertise included into it.
jackson: But anyways, that is how that skill works. Any quick questions on that skill in particular before we move on to the next one? Did we see any in there?
jackson: Let's see if we have one… on that.
jackson: So this specific example, can you just prompt Claude to output this type of info? What advantage does creating a skill have over a regular chat with Claude?
jackson: Yes, you could.
jackson: But you will not get a document, or… unless you prompt it.
jackson: And you would have to prompt it pretty extensively to say.
jackson: here's a landing page URL. What I want you to do is create a document, have it laid out like this, have it include all of these. Instead of doing all that, I just made a skill that has that all baked into it by default, so that all I have to say is
jackson: is, hey, can you go do something amazing with this skill? Here's the landing page. And in fact, I could just say.
jackson: make me a search campaign based on this landing page, paste the landing page, and I would get the same report. It wouldn't actually… because it would load the skill, because it knows
jackson: user is trying to create a search campaign, let me use the Google search campaign skill and deliver
jackson: the proper format. So you can definitely prompt Claude
jackson: By default, to do that, but it's definitely not going to be the same output.
jackson: And I think Fernando has a question.
fernando.santana: Hey, how's it going? So I actually work in…
fernando.santana: And this is, like, amazing, because I know one of the biggest things is trying to save time, especially in the industry where things are getting offshore and whatnot. So let's say, for instance, I approve this plan. Can I then prompt the skill to say, oh, now.
fernando.santana: create an Excel bulk sheet for me to make it easy for my team to now upload this in, like, an editor, because that'll cut a significant amount of time for us, too.
jackson: Yes, you can. And actually, you can take it a step further.
fernando.santana: I don't want to get too into it, but you can take that a step further, I think another skill.
jackson: That actually connects to Google Ads API, and if you feel…
jackson: risky enough, you can be like, alright, now just upload this to Google Ads. And it'll take this plan.
jackson: Create all the assets in Google Ads, and boom.
fernando.santana: Sure.
jackson: We've got a full campaign.
fernando.santana: And I just have to… the skill probably just have a line that says, upload as paused, right? So that can QA everything.
fernando.santana: Sure.
jackson: Yeah.
jackson: Yes.
jackson: Again, do that.
fernando.santana: Awesome.
jackson: Awesome.
fernando.santana: And then, last question, I don't take up too much time, can I connect this to, like, the Google Keyword Planner as well, to get, like, a column of max, minimum, CPC, and then monthly search volume as well?
jackson: The Google Ads API has a lot available. I have used it pretty extensively. I haven't personally tried the Keyword Planner.
fernando.santana: Yep.
jackson: But if it's available in the API, it's available via…
jackson: the… it's available via this. You can make a skill for it, definitely.
fernando.santana: Okay, cool, thank you, appreciate that. Oh, and this is going to be available to us as well, or no?
jackson: I'm gonna include this skill at the follow-up, yes, and I will also say that regarding the,
jackson: connection to Google Ads.
jackson: off-topic a little bit, but I have a MCP server that I built using Quad. I… there's an MCP builder skill. I just built an MCP server for Google Ads that allows you to
jackson: basically query Google Ads, and then it will also allow you to
jackson: write or create things in Google Ads, with, like, some safety guidelines in place, so there's, like, a dry run
jackson: feature enabled by default, so that you can approve it, and that MCP server is
jackson: open source, I'll include that at the end as well.
jackson: And definitely, like.
jackson: start slow. I know it sounds really, enticing to just go fast. I will not be responsible for anybody's ad budgets, just saying that. I am working with this, but…
jackson: I'm doing it at a very slow pace relative to what I think is possible.
fernando.santana: Yeah, it makes all sense. But no, this is… this is great. Thanks so much for showing me this, appreciate it.
jackson: Of course. And someone asked.
Ann Marie Almariei: And you can always ask Claude, right? Like, if you don't know what you're doing, and you're not sure, just ask… just ask Claude.
jackson: Of course, yeah, you can always ask Vlad. Someone asked, can a skill prompt or invoke another skill? The answer is yes, it can.
jackson: you can definitely chain skills together. The same way you can chain a skill with an MCP server, and the same way you can also chain a skill with a sub-agent.
jackson: You can definitely do that.
jackson: Alright, let's go to the next example, because I think… This will be…
jackson: a little bit more pertinent for people also, maybe. So this second skill, I built back, I think, in November, so like a month after skills were launched, I saw it being
jackson: I basically saw skills get, like, super popular. I was like, what is this all about? Before skills, there were these slash commands that you could use in Cloud code.
jackson: And what slash commands were, were basically pre-written prompts, essentially.
jackson: And I was using that to generate emails, because I had
jackson: a slash command that basically told Claude.
jackson: Go reference all these files in the folder that we're in right now.
jackson: and see how I made emails
jackson: look at the site links for my actual website, so that you're pulling real links. It was…
jackson: basically what a skill is, just a lot more primitive form. So, once skills got released, you can then
jackson: sort of encapsulate all the instructions I had in that
jackson: Slash command became a skill that was self-contained.
jackson: And so I no longer had to have Claude code to generate emails, because I had all these references to, like.
jackson: past emails, and the template I use, all this stuff, that a slash command, all the slash command was, was a single file, but the skill is a self-contained, it can have all those references in it.
jackson: So I just asked Claude, hey, can you turn my slash command into a skill? And then it did it. It packaged it up really nice.
jackson: So now, if I want to create an email, I can actually do this in…
jackson: the Cloud Web UI.
jackson: because,
jackson: it's all self-contained and it's loaded into Quad. So, this second demo, we're gonna make something amazing with
jackson: the business that I run, by the way, it's called Fungus Head. We sold mushroom spores, and I'm gonna say…
jackson: Valentine's Day is coming up. That's all I'm gonna say, and just see what it makes.
jackson: So basically, this skill creates on-brand.
jackson: emails for my business, using my brand voice, using my assets, using real site links, because I pulled a sitemap.
jackson: from my website that just mapped every URL, like, real URLs, gave that to this skill so it lives in the references, so that Claude knows
jackson: Alright, when inserting links, check that the link exists in the sitemap.
jackson: So, all this stuff is baked in.
jackson: student skill.
jackson: Now we're gonna get a Valentine's Day.
jackson: Email.
jackson: And I am busy, so, like, I took on a full-time job.
jackson: Back in November.
jackson: And I still have the business, so this is one of the few things that I still do for the business, is I create emails. And the way I create emails is this. So it's literally on Saturdays, I wake up, and it's like 5 minutes. All I have to do is, hey, make me a new email I can send to my list, because I don't want the list to go dormant.
jackson: And I know it's kind of…
jackson: I'm just having AI write the email for me, basically, I know, but I've given it a lot of context as to what I want the brand to sort of stand for, what it, like.
jackson: has baked into it, and, like, I'm busy during the week with my day job, so I don't really have the luxury of
jackson: writing a full email from scratch. So this just, like, removes a lot of that from my plate.
jackson: And it does a pretty good job. We'll see…
jackson: how this turns out. In the meantime, let's see if we have questions.
Ann Marie Almariei: There's one that I'm curious about, too. Lee asked.
Ann Marie Almariei: So, do you need Cloud Code Terminal to call MCP servers, or can you do that in the desktop app? Or even in, like, co-work?
Ann Marie Almariei: Do I need to have, quad code going to use an MCP server?
jackson: You don't.
jackson: You do not. You can do that inside of Cloud Desktop, you can do that inside of Cloud UI,
jackson: A little disclaimer is, like, Anthropic created… okay, let's open this in a…
jackson: Hold on. Hold, please. Not the final email. I'll get to that later. Anthropic created…
jackson: A lot of different ways of connecting external
jackson: resources, and it's kind of confusing, if I'm being honest. If you go to Settings.
jackson: And you scroll down to… so we already know what capabilities it houses.
jackson: But then they have connectors, and connectors are essentially…
jackson: MCP servers, and these are all different apps that you can access.
jackson: Via Claude, and it actually looks like…
jackson: In the Cloud web UI, which is where I am now, they don't have the additional
jackson: Section below that.
jackson: But on the desktop app, You, for sure, can use…
jackson: MCP servers, just like these ones.
jackson: But this is not a complete list, and even in the connectors, tab, like…
jackson: this is not a complete list of servers that you can use. You can add your own, for sure. We can walk through that later, but for now.
jackson: Let's show you guys, this amazing email.
jackson: Email Valentine's Day.
jackson: Alright, okay, it's a little… it's a little funky, but basically, this is, like, the… can you see this email? I guess I should see it now.
jackson: And sometimes this happens. The skill's not perfect, so I sometimes have to prompt it, hey, fix all that text, because that doesn't look good. But, like, this is sort of the format of the website. It's just the…
jackson: neo-brutalist style, Kinda in your face.
jackson: And then, look, it created a little coupon code, mice love, so now I would just take this.
jackson: This HTML file that it made, and I'd copy it, and I'd go to the Drip UI, and I would paste it into, like, their HTML email builder.
jackson: I'd create the coupon code in the WordPress backend that I have.
jackson: And I'd hit send, and boom. It's done.
jackson: And again, these are all real links, so if I click on… Build a custom bundle.
jackson: It takes me to the Build a Bundle page.
jackson: So this website's built on WordPress, and I've… Really just, like, kicked myself.
jackson: Because of that, because…
jackson: I'd prefer if this was just completely headless, but we were so deeply ingrained into WordPress that
jackson: switching didn't make any sense, so I feel limited by what I'm able to do here, honestly, because of the fact that it's built on WordPress. I could just do a lot more, but that's just a…
jackson: personal trite. Let's keep going. Any questions on the, email generator stuff?
jackson: are… mushrooms, aphrodisiacs. They are indeed aphrodisiacs, some of them, I believe.
jackson: How is this different from setting up a brand project
jackson: to write copy. Yeah, you could set up a project, for sure, and, like, have Claude reference that.
jackson: I guess, like, skills are, like, again, they're really close to a lot of stuff where
jackson: Maybe you already have a Claude project for something that you do on a daily basis.
jackson: My, sort of, recommendation would be go to that Claude project, and prompt Claude.
jackson: could you turn this into a skill? Just say that, like, could you turn this project into a skill and make it even more valuable for me? I actually did that with a coworker last week, where he had a Claude project.
jackson: to extract, like, customer personas. What it would do, it would scrape, like, comments on Facebook and all this stuff, pull data in, create these custom personas.
jackson: and then output this, like, persona file, and I went over, and we just did it together in, like, 30 minutes. We just asked Claude inside the project to turn it into a skill, and then by the end of it, he had a working skill.
jackson: And so now what he can do…
jackson: with that skill is he can do a number of things. He can share that skill with other people if he wants to, first and foremost.
jackson: You can also improve that skill. So with a Claude project, you're pretty limited, because Claude is not able to directly edit its instruction or, like.
jackson: reference files. With this skill, it can. So if you have something in your Cloud project that's, like, not correct anymore, or you want to update, you manually have to go in and update that, which…
jackson: you can do, but it's a little cumbersome. With a skill, you can say, hey, this skill file's no… or this skill is no longer relevant in this way, could you update it? And Claude will just update it for you really fast.
jackson: give you a new skill file that you can just quickly replace the other one with, and then boom, you're good to go. And you also don't need to be inside of a Claude project to do the workflow. There is
jackson: Definitely value in having
jackson: your conversation in Cloud be a part of a broader ecosystem of conversations you've had because of the memory aspect, if you use it.
jackson: Whereas projects are limited to the project memory, and the…
jackson: outside of Cloud projects, when you're just regularly talking to it, it has a different memory that is based on, like, all the, kind of, past information, which…
jackson: Can or cannot be useful sometimes, obviously.
jackson: Good question, though.
jackson: Alright, this next demo is an example of…
jackson: How you'd use a skill to basically,
jackson: I wonder if we should show this, because we are running a little behind on time.
jackson: And this is definitely a more advanced use case, unless people really want to see. Okay, go. Leon says go.
jackson: Alright, we're.
Ann Marie Almariei: Maybe, maybe we show it, and, you know, not build it.
jackson: just… Yeah, actually, I've already run through it, so let me show you what it is.
Ann Marie Almariei: Okay.
jackson: So I'm gonna open up the app that everyone is either in love with or completely afraid of, Cursor, and inside of Cursor, right now we're looking at the terminal.
jackson: If I type Claude into the terminal, I have Claude installed, or Claude Code installed, I should say.
jackson: it opens up Cloud Code, okay?
jackson: If I open up this side view, you'll see I have folders.
Ann Marie Almariei: We still see the presentation, just FYI.
jackson: Just kidding.
jackson: Hold on.
jackson: Oh, please.
jackson: Okay, is that better?
jackson: Yes?
jackson: Yeah, sorry, I was on mute.
jackson: Okay, let me zoom in. So, this is cursor, this is the… Shoot.
jackson: This is the terminal with Cloud Code open.
jackson: And then in this little side view, this is basically like a folder view. So I have files.
jackson: And then I have some folders.
jackson: And so… basically, what Claude Code can see is it can see all these… all these files, right?
jackson: The broader folder that I'm in lives on my computer, it's just called creative-variation-gen.
jackson: And so this is just a folder on my computer. I open that folder within cursor.
jackson: This cursor allows you to basically open a folder and have files and be able to edit those files, move those folders, do things with it.
jackson: And so that's how I use Cursor, really. And now I have Cloud Code open. So…
jackson: What this skill does, it actually… I'll show you where it lives first.
jackson: So, inside of, like, outside of the Cloud desktop and the Claude web UI,
jackson: If you're doing… if you're using skills, you would typically have, like, a folder, within whatever… Project you're in.
jackson: In this case, I'm using the skill with Claude, so there's this .clawed folder. Under that, I have a skills folder.
jackson: And then, if I open this skill filter, there's a skill called Add Creative Variance.
jackson: And so, I can now… drop down, So… from skill.md up.
jackson: these are the files and folders that make up this particular skill. So there's the…
jackson: the skill.md file, which has the name, description, and instructions.
jackson: And that's the main skill file, right? And then there's scripts, And there's references.
jackson: So the skill works by basically calling Gemini's image API, Using this script.
jackson: to generate images. So it teaches Quad
jackson: how to generate images with a pre-written script that already knows how to connect to the API.
jackson: And what I can get from it is… I give it a… Reference image N?
jackson: So this would be, like, an ad.
jackson: And it gives me…
jackson: a moderate or, like, a variation of that image out. Just because I specify it in the skill, like, I want a…
jackson: Image variation generator, because when you're running ads, typically, you'll find a winning ad, if it's a static ad or whatever, and you want to see if you can extend the life of that winning ad by generating, like, subtle variations, because maybe the
jackson: core principle of the ad just works, but you're like, can this work with other things? So I tried this on a few different references. Like, another example of the original
jackson: I just pulled from the web.
jackson: And I asked, Claude Code, can you generate an image of this?
jackson: Alright, can you generate a variation of this image ad? And it cooked up.
jackson: like, a slight variant of the ad, and I can be descriptive with how
jackson: intense I want the variations to be. Let me show you just, like, what it use… or what it entails.
jackson: So, I am… Basically.
jackson: like, I'm calling on the skill, and this looks different from what we've done, because it's slash man, I know, but…
jackson: skills are turning into slash commands inside of Cloud Code, but they can also be automatically invoked. This is a really advanced example, so I don't want to, like, scare anyone away. It's a lot simpler than it looks and
jackson: It kind of is showing up right now.
jackson: But I'll just tag one of these ads.
jackson: Right now, and just see what it does.
jackson: So, basically, the long story short here is, like, if you have a skill that wants… you want to generate
jackson: either, like, image files, video files, or anything kind of a little more advanced than, like, the markdown or the document files that you can make in Cloud Desktop or Cloud Web UI, you can
jackson: probably do it if you just use it within, like, Cursor, Windsurf, or any of those applications. Because of the fact that this, like, folder system is embedded in these apps.
jackson: And Claude Code has more access than other, sort of, regular, Claude desktop.
jackson: products?
jackson: It's a lot more effective to just do this. And I know this is probably super confusing if you've never used Cloud Code before, but basically it's the same thing. So, the skill I've made, what it does is it first defines the anatomy of the ad. So it reads the image ad I gave it.
jackson: and says, alright, element and analysis. It's hook.
jackson: It was that chocolate bar image. It said, what's the copy, what's the CTA, the mood, the tone, some callouts. It takes all that, it synthesizes it, comes up with a plan to create some variations. Alright, we're gonna test the color. It's gonna be a cooler color palette, we're gonna test flipping the layout.
jackson: We're gonna test a different copy angle. We're gonna test a darker premium mood. And so now it's generating the actual images. You can see it's generating the images.
jackson: And so now, if I open up the reference, here's our reference, let me pull up…
jackson: The first variation it made.
jackson: So now just change the color of it a little bit.
jackson: And then, similarly, let's see what it did next.
jackson: Oh, gave it some chocolate balls. I don't know if that's necessarily on brand.
jackson: This would be a use case where, hey, you specify in the skill, I don't have chocolate balls, I just sell bars, here's what they look like.
jackson: That's how you can improve this skill, this is just a random chocolate bar company I pulled.
jackson: Variation 3… Gave it a little logo. Find it at Albertson's. Not bad.
jackson: Curation 4… Just gave it some extra touches.
jackson: I actually like that better.
jackson: So, you can see how skills can be super useful. Especially in this way.
jackson: But yeah, that's just a way more advanced example. Let's go back to the presentation really fast.
jackson: So we are low on time.
jackson: I'll take, like, Should we take a question before?
Ann Marie Almariei: I was thinking maybe we should do our big announcement. Jackson, what do you think?
jackson: Yeah, let me skim through the next part, because it is a little important.
Ann Marie Almariei: Okay.
jackson: Quickly, some safety and resources.
jackson: You want to treat skills like software installs, so…
jackson: be very wary, and don't, like… I'm not saying this to freak you out, because there's definitely official, like.
jackson: places to install skills from, like the Anthropic and OpenAI GitHub repositories have examples of really great skills. All the skills that are already in Anthropic's UI under example skills, legitimate skills, real skills.
jackson: There are skills, however, out there that include scripts, like the one I just showed you.
jackson: that are not helpful, and they're actually malicious. Some people will try to
jackson: Get people to install skills that have scripts in them that instruct AI to do malicious things. So just be cautious. If you're ever uncertain, you can point
jackson: your AI or whatever at a skill file. You don't have to install it, you can literally upload the skill file as, like, an attachment into your context, and say, scan this skill file and just check it for, like, vulnerabilities and security. It will review the file.
jackson: And then tell you, alright, this looks good. Like, do you want me to install this? Whatever else. So just be aware of the fact, like, there are people out there trying to get other people to install skills that do bad things. Don't get, don't get fooled.
jackson: They are valuable, just be careful. And the… where to find them, like, there's official repositories.
jackson: that you can find them. There's well-known, like, organizations, like Composio is one example.
jackson: And then, like, marketplaces just use those with a little bit of caution. Like, any marketplace someone spins up, just be aware that there are some security risks. So, like, github.com slash anthropics slash skills.
jackson: has tons of useful skills. This is GitHub. Think of it as a remote storage for folders and files.
jackson: Under skills is where they have
jackson: All these folders, and you'll notice that these folders
jackson: are mostly just the skills that you saw in the Claude UI. So, like, here's the skill creator skill. You can actually click it and see what's under the hood. You got the skill.md. So this was the skill we used in Claw Desktop. They just host it open source for you to be able to, like, modify and change around.
jackson: So hopefully that's helpful for people.
jackson: Now, we can get into the announcement stuff.
jackson: Start with one workflow, build one skill, and repeat.
jackson: And then, if you scan the QR code, it'll take you to a page where you'll basically be walked through
jackson: three questions, and it sort of finds out some information about you, and then there's a link at the end that will, if you click it, take you to claud.ai with a prompt pre-filled, like how I was showing you earlier.
jackson: So you can just right away start building a skill that's useful for you. So, if you scan that, click on Build Your Skill, go through those questions, it'll pre-fill a link to Claw.ai that if you just click it, opens in Claw.ai, and boom, you're ready to build a skill. It'll, like.
jackson: you'll basically start a conversation with Claude, and it will hopefully load the Skill Creator skill. If it doesn't, just make sure it's enabled in the settings. But that's pretty much it. And thank you to the ViMarketers community for this awesome, awesome opportunity to showcase the skills.
Ann Marie Almariei: Jackson, this was amazing, and there's so many questions and things that we could go deeper into. So the big announcement is that it doesn't end here. We are going to continue this conversation in school.
Ann Marie Almariei: And we're starting something called Vibe Labs. Now, this is gonna be our first pilot of Vibe Labs. The first one will be our Skills Lab.
Ann Marie Almariei: Where it's sort of like a sub-community within the Vibe Marketer community, where people come together around a certain topic. So, skills is all the rage right now. Everybody's trying to figure out how to use them. And in looking at the data from everybody coming to this session today.
Ann Marie Almariei: We were just amazed at how many people are using Claude already, but haven't, you know, even started using skills. So we want to help you level up, we want to help you start using skills right away. So as of right now, I'm clicking the post button immediately.
Ann Marie Almariei: I have just posted in school, a new…
Ann Marie Almariei: Skills Lab channel, and in that channel, we are going to have active conversations about building these skills. If you have questions from this session that we weren't able to answer, please jump in there, and ask them, of Jackson.
Ann Marie Almariei: And we're gonna be doing more live sessions. So Jackson, is one of the first mentors within our community that has agreed to do a monthly, skills, lab, where we build together. So he'll be jumping into that channel in school, and, you know, we can, we can keep this going.
Ann Marie Almariei: Because we could easily spend another 2 hours here just talking about, you know, very basic stuff. And we also have…
Ann Marie Almariei: Adam Sandler, not the comedian, but our Claude Code mentor, who's been doing, mentor sessions around how to get Claude Code set up. It's a little bit more advanced, so we wanted to, like, round it out. We wanted to make sure that we get the basics
Ann Marie Almariei: covered, as well as the advanced covered. So, you know, for those of you that were asking, you know, how do you automate some of this, and how do you invoke skills through agents and sub-agents, and, you know, that, I think, is another topic for another day. But, you know, we're all in. Like, we want to make sure that everybody is armed with
Ann Marie Almariei: as much insight and information to build, as possible. And Jackson, you've given us a lot of really amazing stuff to start out with here.
Ann Marie Almariei: Any… anybody have any questions? You know, Jackson, do you have a few minutes so we can open it up and see if anybody.
jackson: Yeah, it felt like 15 minutes, I could stay on and answer some questions.
Ann Marie Almariei: Alright, yeah, let's do… let's do a couple questions.
jackson: Cool.
Ann Marie Almariei: Anybody, want to raise, raise their hand, come up on stage?
Ann Marie Almariei: Nobody?
Ann Marie Almariei: All right. Well then, that just means y'all are ready to go. All right.
jackson: I got one.
Ann Marie Almariei: Jesse, go ahead.
Jesse: I gotcha, I gotcha.
Jesse: I am interested in chaining the skills together, so I've played around with skills a bunch, but
Jesse: But I haven't chained them together a ton, so I'm wondering whether you can,
Jesse: I don't know, hit that a little bit for…
jackson: Yeah.
Jesse: Just tell us more about chaining. Thank you.
jackson: So, if you're training skills together, the first thing you have to be aware of is that
jackson: Claude, or whatever you're using skills with, has to have the context that it has those multiple skills.
jackson: And so, typically, what you might do is you might have, say, two individual skills right now.
jackson: One of them will pull personas.
jackson: And then one of them will generate video scripts based on the personas, but the video script skill might not know
jackson: that the persona skill exists, and vice versa. So what you could do is…
jackson: Imagine you're in the Claw desktop app.
jackson: And both of those skills are enabled.
jackson: you can prompt Claude and say.
jackson: modify my Persona extractor skill so that it references my video script skill, so that whenever the personas are extracted, it immediately goes and does the next step, which is generate the
jackson: video scripts. And so, every time that you would run the persona generator, it'd automatically invoke
jackson: the video script skill following, like, completion, or whenever you tell it to in the prompt, or sorry, the persona extractor skill.
jackson: So that's, like, one use case.
jackson: That you could, use if you have two existing skills that are already made. Yeah?
Jesse: So… you're keeping that in context, is that correct? So it's like, when you're invoking the skill, and it's gonna invoke the next skill, you're keeping that in your context window? Is that accurate?
jackson: Yeah, depend… I would. If you're… depending on, like.
jackson: I guess that would be an example of…
jackson: Just going through a workflow, where you actually
jackson: Might run into those limits with the context window.
jackson: But, you might have another example of where you just might invoke two skills from the get-go, or…
jackson: like, what is your… I guess, what's your use case? Do you have, like, a specific example?
Jesse: Well, so, I mean, I guess…
Jesse: To keep it abstract for just one more minute,
Jesse: Are you, like, would you have it output something in a folder, and then have the next skill
Jesse: That you're calling… call something from that output folder.
Jesse: Like, it's gonna look in a specific outlook? Yeah, go ahead.
jackson: You control.
Jesse: Okay, so, yeah, so I guess, use case, Tom on the, on the call had something where he was like, I do a bunch of work, and then it outputs, yeah, it's an excellent skill. I took a look. And it outputs,
Jesse: like, social media posts, right? So, personally, I don't enjoy posting on social media, and…
Jesse: I don't want to do it, so… but I work a lot, right? And I would love to take my work, and I would love to post that on social media, and whatever, build in public, or brand, personal brand, etc. So, that would be an example of chaining skills together. Like, I need to take my work, summarize it.
Jesse: make it pithy, put it in my voice, generate an image, Tom had some music in there.
Jesse: Stuff like that.
jackson: Yeah, yeah, I can share a real example that I use. I have, like, a weekly review skill that I've uploaded into Quad.
jackson: And so, like, Sundays, I'll say, use the weekly review skill, and let's recap the week.
jackson: There's a lot of different things that happen, but one of the things that happens is it…
jackson: it's also connected to my Apple Notes. So, like, the skill I made in Claude
jackson: knows to reference Apple Notes, because I keep a ton of information in notes that are, like, things I'm building, things I'm doing, so the skill would go read the, like, last 7 days worth of notes.
jackson: And then… First, it helped me just synthesize what happened and, like, you know, surface insights.
jackson: But then I can also… haven't set it up yet, but what I'm gonna do is have it extract, like, the high signal stuff, so the things that were worth sharing.
jackson: I'm gonna have, like, as a separate skill, so that every time I run weekly review, it skims the notes from my last week.
jackson: surfaces Insights, and then once it has, like, that part finished, we'll run the signal surfacing skill, or whatever I call it, to then surface things that are highly relevant for, like.
jackson: the audience that I'm maybe trying to build, and, like, surface those, say, hey, you should maybe consider sharing this, this, this, or this.
jackson: You know, based on this.
jackson: That's, like, one example that I am currently, like, implementing into my own workflow, so I don't know if that helps.
jackson: But yeah, like, you could… Shane, go ahead.
Jesse: Yeah, I'm just curious about the mechanics right there, right? So, like, that's a fantastic example, and so are you…
Jesse: Where are you taking… You have your synthesis of your notes, let's say.
Jesse: Where is that going?
Jesse: And then, where is your next skill?
Jesse: Looking for it.
jackson: So, I just open a chat in Claude desktop app. I say, let's run the weekly review.
jackson: It invokes the weekly review skill.
jackson: And then it immediately goes through my notes, because in the weekly review instruction, I have it instructed to call on the Apple Notes MCP server to go read through
jackson: my past notes.
jackson: It does that, and now has all my notes loaded into the context window, and then once it surfaces the insights for me, then it runs
jackson: Signal surfacing skill to then extract the same
jackson: like, it's using the same bank of notes, but now it's surfacing different things. Because the first part is, like, just help me
jackson: recap the week, like, what did I accomplish? What did I do? Where am I struggling? Then it goes into, by the way, you know, you can also write about these things for next week to share with people.
jackson: It just requires you to, like, have a… I guess, a way to…
jackson: dump your context, I guess, on, like, a consistent basis. For me, I open Apple Notes, and I use Whisperflow, and I'll, like, walk… I'll go on walks.
jackson: And I'll just be just, like, talking to my phone, looking like a crazy person, but I'll do that for, like.
jackson: 15 minutes, and then I'll come back, and I have this, like, huge text that is just recapping whatever is on my mind, whatever I did, etc, that at the end of the week, Claude just reads through all of that, and is like, huh, you know, and then it's, like, surfacing insights, and then it's like.
jackson: you talked about building this thing on Saturday or Thursday, like, super cool, we should share that. So, that's how I'm doing it. Hopefully that helps with your workflow.
Tom Lyons: But you're putting all, like, you're putting those instructions in the skill.md file, Like, like…
Tom Lyons: that's how it's getting that context, because it looks at that skill MD file, and then goes, oh, okay, so I'm supposed to pull this other skill to do this. I'm supposed to pull this other skill to do this, or a sub-skill, or however it's put together in your folder, your skill folder.
jackson: Yeah, pretty much. The instructions are…
jackson: First, gather the contacts from notes.
jackson: then it's Surface Insights, then it's run this skill, and then so long as that other skill is enabled and in the context window, it's like, oh.
jackson: Alright, now I'm running this skill, and then it goes on and does the next thing, I guess. Yeah.
Tom Lyons: Yeah. Yeah, Jesse, my skill is, like, really similar to that. I'm just calling different tools in a different process, right? So, mine is watch what I'm doing during the day, and then as I'm doing that post
Tom Lyons: notes to my pocket-based database, right? Then when I call the skill directly, I want you to go pull all that back out, find some good stuff, then use the copywriting skill, then use the scriptwriting skill. Like, it's… it's… once…
Tom Lyons: Once you start understanding it's just defining a workflow in a skill, it starts to get really cool.
jackson: I think it starts with your workflow. Like, your context gathering phase is having it basically just, like, watch what you're doing and automatically upload those notes. Mine is, I'll just go talk into my phone, and it's like, find what you can use
jackson: To, like, gather the context that you want it to leverage, find that workflow, and then maybe, yeah, just create that skill chain around your workflow.
jackson: Skill chain, that's a really cool phrase.
Ann Marie Almariei: this feels a lot like what I expect our, our first labs, session to… to be like. We'll all be… just be here jamming on ideas and building stuff. Jackson, do you have any thoughts on, like, what our… what our, our lab session might… might be like?
jackson: I think I'm… I think I'll put out some feelers into that channel that's now created.
jackson: And maybe poll to see, like.
jackson: What use cases we might want to explore, and maybe how technical we want to get, and then whatever just has, like, the…
jackson: Highest demand start there, maybe.
jackson: Amazing. But it sounds like people are, yeah, people are using skills and already have these really cool workflows, so definitely want to include, like, some showcases, if possible somehow, but there's just so much to explore.
Ann Marie Almariei: Well, we're here for it. Jackson, thank you again so much for this session. I'll ask you one last question, because I saw the question come up probably 5 times throughout the presentation. Did you use a skill to view this presentation?
jackson: Yes, I did, I used two skills.
Léon Dantuma: Thank you so much, Anna.
Ann Marie Almariei: Of course, happy to do it.
Léon Dantuma: Would you be willing to share it?
jackson: The skills to create this presentation?
Léon Dantuma: Oh, man, I'm in love with that presentation. It's so clear and crisp.
jackson: Listen, so I'll show you, like, my workflow, what I did. I started with the basic PowerPoint skill from Anthropic. That's an example skill they have.
jackson: didn't like it. I was like, this isn't what I'm looking for here. Then I went to their connector, to this, like, AI slideshow generator that they have, another MCP server. Didn't like that. What I ended up doing is, I have a brand voice skill, and I have a front-end design skill.
jackson: that I used to create the website.
jackson: that you get linked to from the QR code. I didn't even have a presentation skill. I just said, use my brand voice
jackson: And front-end design skill.
jackson: And create me a presentation based on that.
jackson: And so it took those… the context from those skills. The skills don't actually need to be even related to what you want it to do. Like, I didn't have a presentation skill, I just had a skill to define my voice, and a skill to define my…
jackson: preferred aesthetic. And then it created a presentation, because I prompted after that, I said, make me a presentation, here's the outline.
jackson: And it was one prompt.
jackson: I said, make me the presentation, use these two skills, here's the outline, and then boom, I had this
jackson: like, 30-slide deck. It was just a single HTML file with all the styles already included. It used HTML likely because it was, like, a front-end design skill, and it just knew how to write HTML, but that's how I did it. If I shared the two skills I used, you would get
jackson: not probably the same output. It's… it's also dependent upon the prompt that you include with the skill.
jackson: So, like, you can still guide it to do specific things. I could have said, probably.
jackson: Use these two skills, And make me a… I don't know, like,
jackson: something different. It didn't have to be a presentation, and it probably would have done something different, but that's…
jackson: Kind of how I built it.
Léon Dantuma: Yeah, okay, thanks, that's really clear. What I'm struggling with a bit is that I find it hard to get from a visual, so I see, like, a nice design, and then I want to translate that and feed it into a skill.
Léon Dantuma: So, how do you process visual information so that it goes to the level that it can create HTML or things like that?
Léon Dantuma: Like, for instance, also for your brand voice.
jackson: Yeah.
jackson: It's definitely a lot of just back and forth and tinkering, which I'm sure you've already done, but…
jackson: I like to… I like to dump sometimes, so I'll just, like.
jackson: transcribe what I say so that I can get a lot out.
jackson: And then it'll build something for me. Like, it had a front-end design skill that it made.
jackson: that was the first draft that I was like.
jackson: I don't really like this. I think I went through probably 3 or 4 refinements before I got to something I liked, and I'm still refining the front-end design skill, so…
jackson: Like, I'm seeing things where, like, small things now. I got it mostly there. I gave it, like, the broader direction of where to go, and then once we were there, I just then slowly refined.
jackson: And I also suggest, Leon, to start with the front-end design skill from Anthropic.
jackson: I believe I actually started there, too. So take that front-end design skill.
jackson: load it into Claude and say, I want to make my own front-end design
jackson: style, because that one that you can get from Anthropic has 4 styles, I believe, already baked into it, but you can take that skill and say.
jackson: cut all the extra fluff out. I want my design to mostly look like this particular one, but let's… let's modify it and make it my own, kind of thing. Because that front-end design skill is really well crafted already, so just take that one and…
jackson: and remix that one. There was a section I had on remixing skills, which I… we didn't get to cover, but so valuable is to take another skill that already does a thing.
jackson: and then feed that to Claude and say, build me a skill that does X. Like, this is how I built the…
jackson: image variation generator. I just took another skill that generated images, and said, alright, now let's…
jackson: let's niche down on this skill and just have it produce variations of winning ads. And so the framework was already there, all I had to do was just kind of give it a little more guidance. That's how I build the front-end design skill, and I recommend you do that, too.
Léon Dantuma: Oh, that's really helpful, thanks.
jackson: Yeah, I probably should have led with that. Just remixed the other people's skills.
Ann Marie Almariei: Can I ask… Alright, guys.
Ann Marie Almariei: We've got to… we've gotta shut it down, just because we're keeping the whole team here, but please jump into school, ask any other questions that you have there in the Labs channel. Thanks, everybody. This has been such a great session. Thank you, Jackson. See y'all soon.
jackson: Sweet. Thank you guys. Bye.
Ann Marie Almariei: Bye-bye.